The talent show Darwin would have loved.
Fame or Shame.
One of you is going to be a superstar.
The rest of you losers are gonna be on suicide
watch!
The finals continue with...
Three Masturbating Monkeys.
Those monkeys just love masturbating.
They're going to the finals
IntamaC
IntamaC.
You're terrifying...
Terrifyingly talented!
What, What!
Inzest!
You guys have won!
I don't even have words for these guys!
William Angio.
Fuck yeah, buddy.
Fuck yeah!
Get over here, come on.
Ok.
Americans are obsessed with money,
and celebrity,
and will do anything to get it.
What will they do tonight?
Recorded live at the Vinewood Bowl,
It's Fame or Shame the Finals.
And now, please welcome your host,
ambiguous star of radio and TV...
Lazlow!
Woo!
Yeah!
Thank you, thank you!
You're too much!
Thank you so much.
We have a fantastic show for you tonight.
Another night of disposable television on
Weazel,
reality shows and talent contests.
One after the other.
Because America's forgotten how to laugh.
No they haven't.
Look at your hair...
It looks like you've combed it with a dog's
arse.
Good one!
Well...
you know,
it often gets messed up when I'm banging your
mom!
Hugh Harrison, ladies and gentlemen.
Hi... umm...
She's just passed on actually...
My, mum.
Oh my gosh, that's so sad.
Umm...
Well she did seem kind of pale and quiet but...
Well you know,
I like Goth chicks.
You can do whatever you want to 'em and...
and they don't call the cops.
Umm...
Let's get on with it,
the Fame or Shame panel,
Anita Mendoza.
So good to see you guys again.
I love judging people
that are desperate for attention.
Ay-oh!
And our spiritual advisor and judge
Imran Shinowa.
Spiritual proverb says,
"All things that are white are not milk".
Especially the stuff on Lazlow's neck.
What are you talking about?
That's gotta be icing or something.
Listen, enough of this.
We have got some fantastic acts to get to,
and some even more fantastically
subtle product placement.
Alright, we're back on Fame or Shame.
I've got some bad news and good news.
The bad news is we had a few problems
with our voting machines.
But the good news is we fixed it!
And do I have a surprise for you...
Making it to the finals...
a personal favorite of mine...
Tracey De Santa.
So, hello America.
God I'm so nervous I wanna pee.
Shit...
I mean pee, not shit.
Anyway,
here's a song I wrote about...
Someone, about whether us girls end up as
scholars,
or strippers.
Hey daddy what happened to you and me?
I've heard sorry before.
Get-up, get-out.
The lives you break and don't hesitate,
Don't wanna become a hoe, oh, oh.
Out of control this crazy ride.
Can't take it anymore oh, oh.
Hey!
I might need my therapy.
Tell me what happened to you?
I know you're cheating night and day.
Your little girl deserves the best.
You know that I love you so, oh, oh.
Your head's in the clouds
and I could never get your damn attention.
What happened to you and me?
I've heard sorry before.
Get-up, get-out.
The lives you break and don't hesitate,
Don't wanna become a hoe, oh, oh.
Hey daddy what happened to you and me?
I've heard sorry before,
Get-up, get-out.
The lives you break and don't hesitate,
Don't wanna become a hoe, oh, oh.
Out of control this crazy ride.
Can't take it anymore, oh, oh.
Yeah, that was fantastic.
I mean amazing,
especially the "Hoe, oh, oh" part.
And really from the heart.
Judges, I have to say,
I'm thinking if you go the wrong way on this
it could be the end of a lot of promising
careers.
Alright we're gonna go to commercials and
we'll come back with the judges' decision.
Seriously guys.
Vote the right way 'cause a maniac's gonna
fucking kill me.
The all new plug-in Karin Dilettante.
Official hybrid of Fame or Shame.
With a range of ten miles.
Bad plus good equals better for everyone.
Alright we're back on Fame or Shame.
This is the moment America has been waiting
for.
Yes, who is gonna win that one million dollars
and go on a tour of the lower Mid-West?
Who is going to lose and be sobbing in the
corner,
cutting themselves?
Hopefully you.
Excuse me, sorry.
I have something to say.
Cutting and Bulimia is serious!
Yeah... seriously sexy!
Alright, over the last few days we've seen
a lot of acts go to the finals.
Here's a quick recap.
You loved She Male Bop.
They're alright.
Everybody said a lot of stuff at the water
cooler about,
Mimes on Fire.
A little pitchy.
How about the Most Racist Man in America?
You all disgust me!
Loved it.
Loved.
And the power ballad of William Angio.
Because this is a power ballad...
Nice guy.
And of course the one we all know that's gonna
win,
Tracey De Santa.
Hey!
I might need my therapy.
Who was that?
I don't remember.
She was good, she was good.
Alright, America's on the edge of their recliners.
I can feel the excitement.
Who is gonna win that
one million dollars on Fame or Shame?
Let's go to Anita Mendoza.
Oh, ok.
Everyone is so talented,
Yeah, especially Tracey.
But I'm going to have to go with...
Okay.
Umm, so sorry.
Umm, let me just, okay...
Umm...
I'm gonna go with
Masturbating Monkeys.
What?
No.
I heard you.
Hugh, alright, you're a great judge of talent.
Thank you.
Who's gonna win that one million dollars?
Who's got the most talent?
It was a very tough competition.
But for me,
I'd have to say,
Masturbating Monkeys.
Alright, you know what, it's not over yet.
Two out of three, okay.
Imran, you can pull this out.
Who's it gonna be?
I'm going to have to agree with my colleagues.
Masturbating Monkeys.
Masturbation is so spiritual,
but so is working on your own home.
With home improvement supplies from,
You Tool.
Are you kidding me?
Three Masturbating Monkeys?
They're really good.
Tracey sang her heart out, okay?
I don't...
And she smells great.
She's gonna be a star.
You know, Lazlow.
You wouldn't know talent if it stuck a finger
up your ass.
She only tried that once.
Alright!
And I told her no!
You know what, I've had enough of all of your
shit,
your product endorsements,
stuffing your face at the fucking craft services
table!
And you!
You're not even fucking British!
I am totally British.
I am so mate.
Fuck you, asshole.
Ahhh!
Join us...
Guys!
Join us tomorrow for the start of next season,
Fame or Shame!
In association with Toe Shoes,
because they're shoes for toes
and twats!
Toes and twats!
Three Masturbating Monkeys have won.
And will take their show on tour in the Mid-West.
Look for tickets near you.
Join us tomorrow for a new season of
Fame or Shame.